I believe I found veganism and you found
veganism at the time that we did in our
lives for a reason maybe it was to open
our eyes to the impact that we have on
animals in our environment and our world
and there may be some of us I also feel
like my skin has been more hydrated and
more like tight feeling I kind of felt
like it was starting to like a wrinkle
and not look so hot but it just feels
more hydrated and more like elastic body
changed like so quickly and so rapidly
and I was working out less consistent
and
less hard Papago that I have another it
was a pound that I can get details yes
Stefan you killed my brother
I like strangling but geez I'm what
you're calling animal lover I like no
Italian shedding and technical Madonna
these are the pans where the horses will
be kept before their slaughter they'll
also be inspected here by USDA
inspectors they'll then be moved into
this chute and walk up this way one
after the other the horses will then
enter what's called the knocking chute
they'll go through this passageway here
after each horse enters the chute this
door here will be closed that way the
horse is waiting to be slaughtered will
not be spooked by what happens to the
horse in here this is the captive bolt
gun it uses air pressure to shoot a bolt
into a horse's skull knocking them
unconscious immediately it's uh
operated by air suits out a captive bolt
out of here this whole shoot area goes
up and then the horse rolls out it
happen various other benefits that I've
received since then next drive is like
when you look at the history in the
backlog of raw alignment it's like okay
I dropped out of school risk-taking I
moved to Hawaii with barely any money
risk I lived on a fruit farm and tried
eating raw vegan and trying something
new trying to grow trying to learn I
lived in a van wanting an adventure
wanting to try
new I hiked the Appalachian Trail I
switched back to cooked vegan food I
tried high carb low fat low fat high
carb like juice fasting water fasting
like all the things I believe I found
veganism and you found veganism at the
time that we did in our lives for a
reason maybe it was to open our eyes to
the impact that we have on the animals
in our environment and our world and
others and maybe it was to teach us a
different lesson
[Music]